[Docenhancement][WhatsnewRSSfeed] (#3987)
MicrosoftDocs/msteams-docs: msteams-platform/whats-new.md

keywords: teams what's new latest
---

> # What's new for developers in Microsoft Teams [![Download Feed](~/assets/images/RSSfeeds.png)](/microsoftteams/platform/feed.atom)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# What's new for developers in Microsoft Teams [![Download Feed](~/assets/images/RSSfeeds.png)](https://aka.ms/TeamsPlatformUpdates)
```

Discover Microsoft Teams platform features that are generally available (GA) and in developer preview.

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > You can now get latest Teams updates by subscribing to [RSS feed](/microsoftteams/platform/feed.atom). For more information, see [configure RSS feed](#get-latest-updates).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You can now get latest Teams updates by subscribing to [RSS feed](https://aka.ms/TeamsPlatformUpdates). For more information, see [configure RSS feed](#get-latest-updates).
```

keywords: teams what's new latest
---

> # What's new for developers in Microsoft Teams [![Download Feed](~/assets/images/RSSfeeds.png)](/microsoftteams/platform/feed.atom)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# What's new for developers in Microsoft Teams [![Download Feed](~/assets/images/RSSfeeds.png)](https://aka.ms/TeamsPlatformUpdates)
```
